who is it how are you kerm that seems to
be a latex glove where did you get this
kerm that's a latex glove and there
seems to be semen on kerm where did that
latex glove come from current please
let's let's just start the session like
nothing happened let's just try to start
a new and just just please talk to me a
little bit curved because your last few
sessions have been rather silent I'm
willing to forget about everything
that's happened before the whole latex
glove you dragged in ok
I understand
the talk kerm what my god is that a
tampon in your mouth that is an
applicator to a tampon curb will you
excuse me I need to go to the restroom
real quick okay I'll be right back no
curb please I'll be right back curr just
give me one minute i'll be i'll just go
to the restroom and I'll be right back
okay just stay right here and please
don't chew anything up curve
come
kerm oh god you what is that curb what
is that that looks disgusting kerm is
that a dead rat cut that's a dead rats
tail kerm why don't you want to take a
seat up here and Whoopi can't he'll
curve it started the session off rather
badly today you brought a latex glove
with you you chewed up a tampon and I
have no idea where you got that and then
you also shoot up a family heirloom I'm
willing to overlook this but I just ask
that you please just be honest with me
and have a good session from arguing and
listening to me
let's take a five-minute break just to
compose yourself I'm going to go freshen
up and let's just continue where we
picked off okay but please for God's
sakes don't chew up anything curve
alright be right back Kirby
kerm what do you have over there oh my
god curve
kerm you idiot this was a family
heirloom my grandfather gave us to me I
can't believe you just chewed this up
curve
how can you do this turn invite you into
my house and you chew up my heirlooms
here's a damn latex glove curb Oh kerm I
can't believe how many things you chew
up in my house
/ and what is this what are you chewing
up
curve or are you chewing on something
else oh my god curb what is that
um
this was my wedding photo curb
you're chewing you're chewing up my a
picture of my wife curve curve i think
i'm gonna need to ask you to leave
you've been a horrible guest today
please come out of my house kerm you're
still chewing gum what don't you get
Oh